Explain need for local jq install and close a paren (#271)
namely/docker-protoc: README.md

    * `grpc_cli` with `namely/grpc-cli`
    * [gRPC Gateway](https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway) using a custom go-based server with `namely/gen-grpc-gateway`
  * [Google APIs](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis) included in `/opt/include/google`

>   * [Protobuf library artificats](https://github.com/google/protobuf/tree/master/src/google/protobuf) included in `/opt/include/google/protobuf` (NOTE: `protoc` would only need part of the path i.e. `-I /opt/include` if you import WKTs like so:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Protobuf library artificats](https://github.com/google/protobuf/tree/master/src/google/protobuf) included in `/opt/include/google/protobuf`.  NOTE: `protoc` would only need part of the path i.e. `-I /opt/include` if you import WKTs like so:
```

### Test

> Note that testing currently requires `jq` to be locally installed, e.g. via `brew instal jq`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that testing currently requires [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) to be locally installed.
```
